INDUCTION OF NEW MEMBERS
COMMENCEMENT: Candidate is blindfolded, right shoe and coat removed and left sleeve rolled up slightly.
No. 2: Leads candidate by left arm to door and knocks twice, sharply.
No. 1: Knocks once from within.
No. 2: Opens door and shouts. "Who comes here?" and raps candidate on left shoulders
No. 1: Mr. (candidate's name), a weary traveller along life's highway, seeking entrance and companionship along his journey up the straight and narrow path.
No. 2: Mr. (candidate's name), is it of your free will and desire that you be allowed to enter into our midst?
No. 1: (Responds along with the candidate) Yes, it is.
No. 2: Have you the key with which to enter in?
No. 1: He has it not, but I give it for him (steps forward and clasps No. 2's hand and says in a low voice), "Share the light of the world."
No. 2: Wait until I return; I shall inform our counsellor (if Junior, or President if Interminable) of your wish. (He walks briskly to the front of the room and says:) There is a weary traveller outside our gate, seeking entrance.
No. 2: He has it now. There is one of us who gave it to him.
No. 2: (Returns to the door.) You have permission to enter in.
No. 1: (Leads candidate in and around the room three times slowly, Counsellor or President raps or strikes bell once as candidate approaches each post.)
No. 3: (Reads Romans 12:1 as he passes. Counsellor or President reads Romans 12:2 as he passes.)
No. 4: (Reads Matthew 10:39 as he passes.)
No. 2: (Reads Luke 14:23 as he passes the first, second and third times around the room.

Each man at the post re-reading his Scripture as the candidate passes the respective posts.)
No. 1: (Takes a one second trip, stops at No. 4 and knocks at the door).
No. 4: (Raps candidate twice on left shoulder and at the same time asks) Who comes here?
No. 1: Mr. (candidate's name), is this your desire? Candidate: It is.
No. 4: The Royal Ambassadors' motto states the basic principle of the Royal Ambassadors' programme.
It calls on us to represent Christ in every area of our lives. It points out that we are to live for Christ and help share Him with the world. This is the foundation of world missions. God has no other means of telling the world about His Son except through us as we represent Christ. This motto helps all Royal Ambassadors to carry out the principles Christ has set for us.
The Royal Ambassadors' motto is, "We are Ambassador for Christ" Mr. (candidate's name), will you be loyal to this motto?
Candidate: I will.
No. 1: (Continues trip round room and stops at No. 3 an third trip and knocks as before)
No. 3: Raps candidate once and ask: who comes here?
No. 1: Mr. (candidate's name), a weary traveler seeking guidance and cowmanship on His journey
No. 3: Mr. (candidate's name), the motto, "Share the Light of the world," is taken from John 3:12 which says, "Then space Jesus again unto them, saying, "I am the light of the world: he that followed me shall not work in darkness, but shall have the light of life," As an ambassador, do you accept the responsibility of sharing the light with the world?
Candidate: Yes, I do
No. 1: (Leads candidate to counsellor / present and ask him to kneel on right knee and Places left hand on Bible.)
Counsellor or President: "The Royal Ambassadors' Pledge emphasizes the basic purpose Of the Royal Ambassadors' programme. If you agree to willingly subscribe to this pledge, please repeat it after me:
As a Royal Ambassador, I will do my best: To become a well-informed, responsible follower of Christ: (pause) lo learn how the message of Christ is carried around the world, (pause)
To work with others in sharing Christ: (pause), and To keep myself clean and healthy in mind and body" (pause)(Candidate repeats after each phrase.)
Counsellor or President: (Faces the candidate) To seal this pledge you will place your right hand on the Bible. (No 1 holds the Bible.)

Counsellor or President: (Remove the blindfold so that Mr. (candidate's name) can see the Bible). This is the key that opens the door to our fellowship so that we may work together in being ambassadors for Christ.
Counsellor or President: hold in my hand the membership pin. This shield stands for faith and indicates that the life and teachings of Jesus Christ guide the wearer in his daily life. The torch on the shield represents the Light of the world, Jesus Christ. Do you solemnly promise to share the Light of the World as you wear this membership pin? Candidate: "I do." No. 1: Pin on pin.
Counsellor or President: Members, join with me in extending the handclaps of welcome into our midst to Mr. (candidate's name).
Everyone: (Claps and welcomes candidate.)

￼